genesis/doc/manual/main.md, before:

The documentation of genesis has two main parts:
The **User Manual** and the **API Reference**.

**Important remark:** genesis is under active development and quite young. The manual is not yet
exhaustive, the API might change with subsequent releases, there might be functions missing that
you consider essential, and of course, there might be bugs.
Please [report all issues on our GitHub page](https://github.com/lczech/genesis/issues).
Your feedback is highly appreciated!

# User Manual

The manual contains high level explanations, tutorials and code examples for the
functionality of genesis. It is intended for end users who want to use existing scripts and
applications, and for getting started with genesis.

 <!-- *  @subpage intro -->
 *  @subpage setup
 *  @subpage tutorials
 *  @subpage demos

Furthermore, there is an information page for the @subpage dev of genesis for those who want
to contribute to the code base.

# API Reference

The documentation of the application programming interface (API) is intended for users who want
to use genesis as a library or toolkit for their own applications.
It provides detailed references for the symbols defined in genesis:

 *  [Namespaces](namespaces.html)
 *  [Classes](annotated.html)
 *  [Source Files](files.html)

As the API Reference is generated from the doc-blocks in the C++ source code, it is mainly
oriented towards the C++ interface. It is however also suitable for the Python interface.

# Support

For user support, please see our [support forum](http://support.genesis-lib.org/). It is
intended for questions on how to do things with genesis.

For bug reports and feature requests, please
[open an issue on our GitHub page](https://github.com/lczech/genesis/issues).

# Citation

Currently, there is no publication to be cited. This is unfortunate and will hopefully change.
Until then, please write an email to <a href="mailto:lucas.czech@h-its.org">lucas.czech@h-its.org</a>
to ask for instructions.

# Acknowledgements
<!-- # Acknowledgements {#main_acknowledgements} -->

This work is financially supported by the
[Klaus Tschira Foundation](http://www.klaus-tschira-stiftung.de/) and the
[HITS gGmbH - Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies](http://www.h-its.org).

See the webpage of the [Exelixis Lab](http://exelixis-lab.org/) for our other projects.

# License

Genesis - A toolkit for working with phylogenetic data.<br />
Copyright (C) 2014-2016 Lucas Czech

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Contact:<br />
Lucas Czech: <a href="mailto:lucas.czech@h-its.org">lucas.czech@h-its.org</a><br />
Exelixis Lab, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies<br />
Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, D-69118 Heidelberg, Germany<br />

Commit message:

switched to newer genesis version, now it is possible to read a NEWICK file tree-by tree. This further reduces the memory requirements as the evaluation trees do not need to be kept in memory all the time

genesis/doc/manual/main.md, after:

The documentation of genesis has two main parts:
The **User Manual** and the **API Reference**.

**Important remark:** genesis is under active development and quite young. The manual is not yet
exhaustive, the API might change with subsequent releases, there might be functions missing that
you consider essential, and of course, there might be bugs.
Please [report all issues on our GitHub page](https://github.com/lczech/genesis/issues).
Your feedback is highly appreciated!

# User Manual

The manual contains high level explanations, tutorials and code examples for the
functionality of genesis. It is intended for end users who want to use existing scripts and
applications, and for getting started with genesis.

 <!-- *  @subpage intro -->
 *  @subpage setup
 *  @subpage tutorials
 *  @subpage demos

Furthermore, see the @subpage supplement for additional information.

# API Reference

The documentation of the application programming interface (API) is intended for users who want
to use genesis as a library or toolkit for their own applications.
It provides detailed references for the symbols defined in genesis:

 *  [Namespaces](namespaces.html)
 *  [Classes](annotated.html)
 *  [Source Files](files.html)

<!--
As the API Reference is generated from the doc-blocks in the C++ source code, it is mainly
oriented towards the C++ interface. It is however also suitable for the Python interface.
-->

# Support

For user support, please see our [support forum](http://support.genesis-lib.org/). It is
intended for questions on how to do things with genesis.

For bug reports and feature requests, please
[open an issue on our GitHub page](https://github.com/lczech/genesis/issues).

# Citation

Currently, there is no publication to be cited. This is unfortunate and will hopefully change.
Until then, please write an email to <a href="mailto:lucas.czech@h-its.org">lucas.czech@h-its.org</a>
to ask for instructions.

# Acknowledgements
<!-- # Acknowledgements {#main_acknowledgements} -->

This work is financially supported by the
[Klaus Tschira Foundation](http://www.klaus-tschira-stiftung.de/) and the
[HITS gGmbH - Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies](http://www.h-its.org).

See @ref supplement_acknowledgements for the full list of acknowledgements, particularly for
dependencies. See the webpage of the [Exelixis Lab](http://exelixis-lab.org/) for our other projects.

# License

Genesis - A toolkit for working with phylogenetic data.<br />
Copyright (C) 2014-2016 Lucas Czech

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Contact:<br />
Lucas Czech: <a href="mailto:lucas.czech@h-its.org">lucas.czech@h-its.org</a><br />
Exelixis Lab, Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies<br />
Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg 35, D-69118 Heidelberg, Germany<br />
