genesis/doc/manual/demos/visualize_placements.md, before:

Visualize Placements {#demos_visualize_placements}
===========

This demo is located at

    ./doc/demos/visualize_placements.cpp

The program takes a path to either a `jplace` file, or a directory containing `jplace` files, reads
all of them and counts the placement mass (according to the `like_weight_ratio` of each placement)
for each branch of the tree. Those masses are then turned into colors representing a heat
gradient of how much placement mass was placed on each branch, and writes a tree with this
color information to a given nexus file path. The resulting file can be read and visualized
with, e.g., [FigTree](http://tree.bio.ed.ac.uk/software/figtree/):

![Tree with branches colored according to weight of placements on the branches.](visualize_placements.png)

If a directory is given as first command line argument, all files in it that end in ".jplace"
are processed and their weights are accumulated. This means that all trees in the `jplace` files
need to have the same topology. For reasons of simplicity, we only check if they have the correct
number of edges. It is thus up to the user to make sure that all trees have identical topology.
Otherwise, the result will be meaningless. If for example EPA was run multiple times with different
sets of query sequences, but always the same reference tree, the resulting `jplace` files can be
used here.

If a single file is given as input, all of the above is obsolete. The filename also
does not need to end in ".jplace" in this case. In this case, simply this file is visualized.

Furthermore, as second command line argument, the user needs to provide a valid filename for the
output nexus file. That means, the path to the file needs to exist, but the file not (yet).

Commit message:

switched to newer genesis version, now it is possible to read a NEWICK file tree-by tree. This further reduces the memory requirements as the evaluation trees do not need to be kept in memory all the time

genesis/doc/manual/demos/visualize_placements.md, after:

Visualize Placements {#demos_visualize_placements}
===========

@section Summary

Takes one or more `jplace` file(s) and visualizes the distribution of
@ref genesis::placement::Pquery "Pqueries" on the reference tree (that is, the number of
placements per branch). For this, it uses color coding and outputs a Nexus file.

This demo is located at

    genesis/doc/demos/visualize_placements.cpp

@section Details

The program takes a path to either a `jplace` file, or a directory containing `jplace` files, reads
all of them and counts the placement mass (according to the `like_weight_ratio` of each placement)
for each branch of the tree. Those masses are then turned into colors representing a heat
gradient of how much placement mass was placed on each branch, and writes a tree with this
color information to a given nexus file path. The resulting file can be read and visualized
with, e.g., [FigTree](http://tree.bio.ed.ac.uk/software/figtree/):

![Tree with branches colored according to weight of placements on the branches.](placement/visualize_placements.png)

If a directory is given as first command line argument, all files in it that end in ".jplace"
are processed and their weights are accumulated. This means that all trees in the `jplace` files
need to have the same topology. For reasons of simplicity, we only check if they have the correct
number of edges. It is thus up to the user to make sure that all trees have identical topology.
Otherwise, the result will be meaningless. If for example EPA was run multiple times with different
sets of query sequences, but always the same reference tree, the resulting `jplace` files can be
used here.

If a single file is given as input, all of the above is obsolete. The filename also
does not need to end in ".jplace" in this case. In this case, simply this file is visualized.

Furthermore, as second command line argument, the user needs to provide a valid filename for the
output nexus file. That means, the path to the file needs to exist, but the file not (yet).

The program prints output that shows the used color gradient and furthermore lists the positions
on this gradient that correspond to certain placement masses. Particularly, as we use a log scale
for coloring, the printed positions are multiples of ten, and finally the maximum mass, which
always corresponds to the end of the color gradient, i.e., black color.
